A stone building with a clock displayed on the outside. 
An ornate building has a clock tower near by.
A heritage building with big windows and next to a clock tower.
A building with a black and gold clock on it.
A tan building with windows and a clock face on top. 
An old building has stone arches and wooden doors
A building on Lincoln Ave called Time to Eat
A tall building with a lot of windows and a clock. 
A large building stands in front of a blue sky.
A tall building in the background with the number 9000 on a sign.
Eight tall building that is outside by some grass.
A brick building with an open window next to a few colorful bushes.
The stone building has an opened window on it's side.
A building with wide open windows and red ivy
A building overpass displays and advertisement for office space.
a building with two towers and an air plane in the background
A white building that looks like a church
an old building in a asian country with a billboard
A tall building is topped with a billboard and beside a smaller market place.
A white building with a clock on its side
A brick building has an almost full bike rack out front.
An old building with a steeple and two clocks is surrounded by gray clouds.
A tall building on the street corner filled with traffic.
A glass building at night with cars parked in front of it.
A small building surrounded by a fence with yard furniture and houseplants.
A building with a tall clock tower with a green top.
A large building in the background with a clock and tower on the top of it and people walking in front of it down a sidewalk and paved area.
A building with multiple steeples and a pine tree.
A brick building with a clock tower at the corner of a street.
A metal building with buckets and barrels inside.
building in a busy city lit up at night

A tall building with a massive clock on it's face.
Red brick building sells pepsi named Kathy's diner.
The building has a spot of blue paint and a bench outside.
A massive building with a clock at the very top.
This building looks like it has seen better days.
A building under construction has a traffic light next to it and an airplane flying overhead.
A large building with many windows and people riding scooters nearby
A building with a airplane flying high up above it in the air.
In building has a picture of a woman in a bikini hugging a hot dog.
The building in the city has a lot of signs on it. 
a old building with a few motorcycles parked out front
An older building with birds flying near it.
a building with a tower that contains a clock 
An old building with a clock on it.
A white building that is a medical clinic.
A building with pointed tower and a red double decker bus.
The large building has many windows and a white door.
A building with a tower has a clock on the side.
A building with a steeple and lights all around it.
A building with a spire lights up the night in the city. 
A very old building with a clock in the tower. 
A large building with a metal clock on the front.
A building with a clock on the front and other buildings in front of it.
Red brick building with fire hydrant and car with cloudy sky
A brick building on a hill with a yellow fire hydrant in front.
A building with red brick wall and grey and gold clock tower.
The building has a clock built into the tower.
a building with a bright blue clock  on top of it 
A tall building with a clock on it. 
